Python version of the example.
==============================

# Install requirements:
- Open an anaconda prompt.
- CD into the Python folder: `cd <my_directory>/ISB21-workshop/Python` where `<my_directory>` is the path to the folder where `ISB21-workshop` is located.
- (Optional depending on your conda environment) Install `pip` in your conda environment: `conda install pip`.
- Install the required packages: `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.

# Run the code:
- Option 1: You can run the code using the following command line: `python main.py`. Note that you need to close the figures to get the script to keep running.
- Option 2: You can run the code in your favorite IDE such as spyder. To launch spyder from the command line, type `spyder` in the anaconda prompt. You can then run `main.py`. Note that you might need to install spyder beforehand using for instance `pip install spyder`.
- Option 3: You can also use the Jupyter notebook version of the code. To open the notebook from the command line, type  `ipython notebook main.ipynb` in the anaconda prompt. Note that getting the animation to play properly might require you to install [FFmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/). 

# Brief file description:
- `main.py` contains the main script to formulate and solve the trajectory optimization problem. Running this script should take about 1-2s. Different walking styles can be generated by adjusting the variable `selected_gait`.
- `eulerIntegrator.py` describes the backward Euler integration scheme.
- `getSystemDynamics.py` describes the equations of motion and was hard coded based on its MATLAB counterpart.
- `getHeelStrikeError.py` describes the heel-strike equations and was hard coded based on its MATLAB counterpart.
